update quoting.md (#1001)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-properties/quoting.md

## Default
The default values vary by database. 

For most adapters, quoting is set to _true_ by default.

> This is because creating relations with quoted identifiers does not inhibit the ability to select from them, and quoting allows you to use reserved words as object names (though that should probably be avoided)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Why? It's equally easy to select from relations with quoted or unquoted identifiers. Quoting allows you to use reserved words and special characters in those identifiers, though we recommend avoiding this whenever possible.
```

On Snowflake, quoting is set to _false_ by default.

> This is because creating relations with quoted identifiers inhibits your ability to select from the them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating relations with quoted identifiers also makes those identifiers case sensitive. It's much more difficult to select from them. You can re-enable quoting for relations identifiers that are case sensitive, reserved words, or contain special characters, but we recommend you avoid this as much as possible.
```
```

Author: gotcha, thanks and have submitted those changes as well!

Author: pr submitted here: https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/1005 thank you @jtcohen6 !
